Title:
------
Transform Fraud Case Management: Automation, Orchestration and Enhanced Decisioning with Camunda

alternate Title- 2:  Transform Fraud Case Management: Power of process orchestration

Description: 
------------
Discover how orchestrating the business processes, automating manual review tasks, and decisioning in fraud case management reduces the review time and boosts operational efficiency and reduce fraud losses. Explore how Camunda provides scability, comprehensive visibility/monitoring, robust error handling, and seamless integration with external services/user tasks, transforming operations and streamlined architecture.

Abstract:
---------
The main challenges with Fraud Case management system, the complex system with tightly coupled components lacking scability and flexibility to introduce new changes. It is operations centric manual review process and time consuming and not efficient to manage, prioritize the work on fraud review cases, and lacking observibility and complex tracking of the business processes with upstream and downstream process flows. One of the business objective is to reduce the net operating fraud loss by improving operational efficiency. 
Camunda solves these challenges with orchestrating the business processes and automating some of the manual review tasks and providing the recommended decision to the specialists making the review process efficient.

Utilizing Camunda capabilities, the steps involved in modeling the fraud prevention review workflows: 
1) Identifying the existing fraud prevention review process steps, manual review tasks, decision points, activities and downstream processes involved. This will serve as the basis for creating the BPMN workflows in Camunda. 
2) Design the workflows in collabration with business team with identified activites. 
For example,creation of fraud review case, data enrichment, determine the red flags and recommend the decision factors, decisioning and followup actions.
3) Automating the manual activities in the review process improving the user productivity like data enrichment/pattern analysis and decision factors, these are integrated in the workflow as service tasks.
4) The decision engine within Camunda evaluates the rules and conditions to determine the appropriate course of action. Using the DMN engine to evaluate and provide recommended decisions to the specialists in review process, this step is integrated into the workflow. 
5) There are activities in the workflows that require operations review for making decisions, Camunda provides a task management system to handle these user tasks. 
When a user task is encountered in the workflow, Camunda assigns it to a specific user or group. The assigned user can access the task through the Camunda Tasklist application or a custom user interface. creating a custom user interface to interact with the workflow and handle user tasks. Once the task is completed, the workflow progresses to the next step.





Additional Abstract details: 

Monitor and Track workflow: Camunda provides a monitoring and tracking interface to monitor the execution of workflows and track the progress of individual cases. You can use the Camunda Cockpit application to visualize the workflow instances, check their status, and analyze performance metrics.
Additionally, Camunda generates historical data and audit trails, allowing you to analyze the workflow's execution, identify bottlenecks, and optimize the process over time
Handle exceptions and retries: During the execution of the fraud case management workflow, exceptions or errors may occur. Camunda provides mechanisms to handle these scenarios.
For example, if an error occurs during an automated activity, Camunda can retry the activity a certain number of times before raising an exception. You can configure error handling, retries, and escalation mechanisms within the workflow to ensure robustness.

Monitor and Track workflow:
1. Cockpit provides web based monitoring and real time insights into instances, tasks, performance with visualization.
2. Process Instance Monitoring: Allows us each request level monitoring, track state transitions, and other relevant metrics.
3. Its RestApi's can be used to feed data into Firm's kibana and Grafana dashboard.
4. Its Healtmap graphs allows us to identify bottlenecks and parts of workflows which has scope of improvements.

Handle exceptions and retries:
1. Camunda allows us to define boundary error events on task level, process level.
2. We can configure our params for timeouts, retries, escalations, and custom error handling logic.
3. Compensation Events: Handle Exceptional and Transaction events compesation feature helps us with rollbacks.
4. Custom Exception Handling Logic can be defined as well.

Scaling with Camunda:
1. Horizontal Scaling and Load Balancing: supports distributed environment where instances of camunda can be deployed onto multiple instances.
2. Asynchronous Processing: Long running or resource intensive tasks are performed outside the scope of workflow, offloading such works to external tasks, you can ensure that the workflow engine remains available.
3. External task pattern: This allows to delegate task to external worker services, which can be independently scaled allowing us to do scaling at task level as well.
4. Clustering: Allowing you to set up a cluster of Camunda engines that work together to process workflow instances. Clustering provides high availability and fault tolerance by ensuring that workflow instances can be picked up and processed by any available engine within the cluster.
5. Distributed Caching: with this load on database can be reduced and response time can be improved.
6. Database Scaling: sharding, replication can help us with camunda database scaling.
7. Performance tuning: Camunda exposes various parameters related to thread pools, database connections, query optimization and such which can help with the tuning of performance.

Resiliency with Camunda:
1. Fault Tolerance: Events like Boundary error, Error catch, and exception handling ensures that recovery of process happens smoothly.
2. Deadlines and Escalation: We can utilise paths in the workflow for defining escalations, SLA's
3. Asynchronous Programming
4. Clustering
5. Monitoring and Alerting
6. Disaster Recovery


Individual Value:
Explore how to automate manual review tasks and leverage decisioning capabilities to reduce review time significantly.
Utilising camunda for boosting operational efficiency.
Seamlessly integrate multiple processes by orchestrating the workflow.